# File and folder info
1. Datasets.xlsx: Excel file indicating datasets used along with dataset parameters
2. test-out: contains queries and their results (for best match operation)
3. {Dataset}_Out_Other.csv: results for other CORAL operations

**test-out** folder has a folder for each dataset. Inside each dataset folder, **Inside(Outside)** corresponds to inside(outside) queries folder. Each respective folder has query files and results files for each system. **_PAA.txt* is generated by PAA. Each dataset folder should have 50 inside and 50 outside queries.

# Definitions
1. **Inside Queries**: subsequences present in dataset i.e. they have a correlation of 1 with (exact) best match
2. **Outside Queries**: subsequences not present in datset. For more info about their source, look in experimental section of CORAL paper. 

# Best match result file
{Dataset}_ {System} _{IQ/OQ}.csv
IQ/OQ stand for inside/outside query. 
Following is the column information (left to right) for each system's results file

### Naive
Correlation between query and each possible subsequence of dataset is computed. Subsequences with highest correlation is taken as best-match and is considered to be ground truth. Results for Naive method are with CORAL results file 
### CORAL
- index: query no.
- Query ID: query has been taken from this time series(0 based indexing) in dataset (only applies to inside queries).   
- Query start: query starts at this offset(0 based indexing) in dataset (only applies to inside queries)
- Query Length: lenght of the query
- CORAL TSID: time series of subsequence found as best match by CORAL
- CORAL TStart: offset of subsequence found as best match by CORAL
- CORAL Corr: correlation between query and subsequence found as best match by CORAL
- CORAL Time (s): time taken by CORAL online processing (seconds)
- Error: error between correlation with CORAL-best-match and Naive-best-match
- CORAL no. Candidate Clusters: UNDEFINED
- Naive TSID: time series of subsequence found as best match by Naive
- Naive TStart: offset of subsequence found as best match by Naive
- Naive TEnd: end of subsequence found as best match by Naive
- Naive Corr: correlation between query and subsequence found as best match by Naive (should be 1 for inside)
- Naive Time (s): time taken by Naive online processing (seconds) 
### PAA
Same definations as CORAL
### JOCOR
- FileID: query number (same as *index* above except it is 1 based)
- mi: 0 (see below)
- mj: offset of best match (see below)
- mlen: length of best match subsequence
- maxC: correlation between query and subsequence found as best match by JOCOR
- FFT+Search: time taken by FFT and JOCOR algorithm
- FFT time: time taken by FFT in seconds

**NOTE**: JOCOR considers all dataset as 1 long time series. So *mi* is fixed to zero and mj is the offset when all time series are flattened into one long time series. 

### JOCOR-LA
Same as JOCOR

**NOTE**: *JOCOR* has been represented by the string *JACOR*

